---
layout: post
title:  Find The Right, Not Best People - Here's How To Assemble Your Startup 'Avengers' Team
date:   2020-02-21
permalink: /Media/blog/test
---
No one can build a business alone – even Steve Jobs was quick to admit that.

You need great people to build awesome products. You need people to market and sell those products. You need people to come up with, and execute ideas that you probably would never have conceived alone.

No matter how strong of a business idea you have, or how brilliant of an entrepreneur you are, the fate of your startup ultimately rests on the shoulders of your team.

Furthermore, you need to pay attention to the people on your team because it could take only one weak member to bring down your entire business.

The best bet to find your desired talent is through your personal network.

If there’s no suitable candidate in your circle, you can ask around for recommendations; and at the same time, tell them what you are building and the employee qualities you are looking for. This ensures a higher chance of quality hires because they can be vouched for.

Beyond that, be sure to also venture out of your personal network and find peers in the startup community and network with them. This is possible if you are spending time in a co-working space or attending any startup event.

Networking, whether online or offline, can put you in touch with like-minded people and help develop meaningful relations that will help you eventually come across the right partner.
