---
layout: post
title:  Standards Roadmaps for Industrial and Service Robots
date:   2020-02-21
permalink: /Media/announcement/test
---
According to figures provided by the International Federation of Robotics (IFR) around 21,000 service robots were sold for professional applications in 2013, generating sales revenue of $3.6 billion. Since 1998, a total of approximately 150,000 service robots have been used professionally. Some robots (such as underwater robots) might be in operation for more than 10 years, compared to an average of 12 years for industrial robotics. Others, like defense robots, may only serve for a short time.

Until 2008, about 63,500 service robots for professional use were sold during a period of more than 12 years. However, during the past five years, more than 100,000 service robots for professional use were sold. This demonstrates the accelerating rate of increase in sales. Few main application areas make up most of the volume: Service robots used in defense accounted for almost 45% of the total number of service robots for professional use sold in 2013.

Almost 5,100 milking robots were sold in 2013 compared to 4,750 units in 2012, representing a 6% increase. 760 units of other robots for livestock farming, such as mobile barn cleaners or robotic fencers for automated grazing control, were sold in 2013, resulting in an increase of 46%. The total number of field robots sold in 2013 was about 5,900 units, accounting for a share of 28% of the total unit supply of professional service robots.

Sales of medical robots decreased by 2% compared to 2012 to almost 1,300 units in 2013, accounting for a share of 6% of the total unit sales of professional service robots. The most important applications are robot assisted surgery and therapy. Medical robots are the most valuable service robots with an average unit price of about $1.5 million, including accessories and services. Some suppliers of medical robots provide leasing contracts for robots.

About 1,900 robots for logistic systems were installed in 2013, 37% more than in 2012, accounting for 9% of the total sales of professional service robots. Medical robots as well as logistic systems robots have considerable growth potential.
